The blueprints are drafted, the workers are set.
It's time to build his church.
Our knees need to hit the ground in prayer before a shovel does.
Our hands need to be raised in worship before they swing a hand.
Let this church be more than a fellowship, more than a building.
Let this church be a house of gold.
All right, amen.
Again, we'll welcome this morning.
Thank you for coming and being a part of Encounter Church.
If you are a guest, help us get to know you.
Catch me in the lobby.
Catch Pastor Joe in the lobby.
We would love to talk with you and just kind of get to know you in a personal
I've met many of you already, but we're glad that you're here.
Those of you that are online connect with us as well, reach out to us, message us, just share your heart and your life with us.
We want a journey with you and I want you to be an island all by yourself, but we want to be a part of your life.
Here at Encounter Church, we say it all the time.
At Encounter, nobody walks alone.
We're in this
together.
So allow us to be in your daily journey as we move forward with Christ.
All right.
How many of you are ready for the word of God this morning?
Amen.
Well, we are in a series, actually the tail end of a series.
We'll wrap it up next Sunday morning in a series that we're literally calling a house of prayer.
And here's what I've discovered in life.
God has never called us to a place of a periodic conversation with him.
God has never had a desire that we just have a momentary discussion or that our communication with Him is once or twice randomly in a short little snippet of each day during each day.
But God has called us to a place of a life filled with prayer.
Do you agree with that?
If you look over the course of history, what we will quickly discover is that any great
revival in the course of history all began by an individual bowing their head and kneeling before God, calling out to him.
An outpouring of his presence is the result of a life of prayer.
What would happen if we as a church would get ourselves ready during the week?
When you get up on a Sunday morning, many of you, perhaps you're a morning shower person.
If you're a night shower person, I don't understand you at all.
Come on.
Have you ever noticed that?
There's really one or the other.
There's either the people like, I want to go to bed clean and I want to sleep clean.
And I'm thinking, you're sleeping and all your dead skin.
And then there are those of us that if we didn't take a shower in the morning, we would be comatose all day long because we would never wake up.
Come on somebody, I don't know why I'm sharing that with you, but that's the reality.
But many of us, we get ourselves ready on a Sunday morning.
We get up, perhaps you shower, you fix your hair, ladies put your makeup on, you've already picked out your outfit or maybe you stand in front of the closet and you look and you look and you look for five minutes until you find something that you wanna wear and you come in for church or you've gotten yourself ready physically, but I wonder what would happen if we got ourselves ready
spiritually.
What would happen if during the week we spent that prep time with God?
What would happen if we had that relationship with God that each day, every day, we had an ongoing connection with Him?
Would it change what happens on a Sunday morning?
I would say yes.
because you look at the Bible, Old Testament and New Testament, and we realize that when the people were prepared spiritually, miracles took place.
I mean, you read of Paul, he's on his way to a prayer meeting, and there's this guy out there that needs a miracle from God, and they say, hey, we don't have any money to give you, they were begging
The guy was begging, he was wanting some finances.
We don't have money, but what we have will give to you in the name of Jesus, get up and walk, and a miracle took place.
I believe that was a result of a heart and a life that was prepared ahead of time.
for the presence of God.
It wasn't like they were talking, the disciples were hanging out, and they thought, you know what?
Let's just kind of hold off.
We don't need to pray now.
We got prayer meeting in the morning.
We'll just pray then.
Now let's just kind of go through our day and play pickleball.
Come on.
They didn't do that.
But they realized that things happen when we pray.
In the course of this series, we've already asked
Three vitally important questions.
Number one, do I have to pray?
Is it mandatory that I pray?
We're gonna talk more about that in a moment.
The second question we ask is, what does it look like when I talk to God?
What's that look like?
And the third is, how do I really pray for and even with people?
Is it possible in my daily life for me to be a person that would stop in the middle of Walmart or the grocery store or at the gas station and in a moment pray with somebody?
Is that even possible?
If you've missed any of those messages, I wanna challenge you.
Go back and listen to them because I believe that God really wants to speak into our lives.
You see, these questions are ones that often keep us from living a life of prayer.
In other words, they keep us from allowing
This house, not this house, come on, we're responsible for this house.
But when this house is multiplied by five or 600 people, then suddenly this house becomes the house of prayer.
Come on, we read in the Old Testament that when the
early believers were gathering together, and they were calling out to God.
It said that all the priests, whether they were on duty that day or not, prepared themselves.
They got themselves ready for the service, for what was about to take place, and then all the musicians came in.
And with a unified voice and a unified sound, they begin to praise God, singing, He is so good.
His faithfulness endures forever.
They joined together.
They were in unity.
Why?
Because their hearts and their focus and their minds were set upon God, not upon self.
And when they did that, the Bible says that the presence of God was so strong in that place that they could not continue in the service.
Could you imagine that?
that here we are, we're in the middle of worship.
Brittany or Gabby are up here and they're leading us in the presence of God.
We're calling now.
We've already prepared ourselves before we got here.
And now here we are in a unified voice, singing the mighty name of Jesus.
And the presence of the Lord fills the room to such a capacity.
that we can't continue, we are just in awe of Him.
Can I just tell you today that there's power in the name of Jesus?
That when a believing person begins to pray, powerful and mighty things begin to transpire.
I believe that God has called us to a life
of prayer, so what does it look like to daily apply what we've talked about over the last three weeks into our lives?
If I'm being honest, sometimes that can be a little overwhelming because we see all of this and we're not really sure how do I do that?
I'm gonna encourage you, really lean in today.
Really begin to pay attention because I believe that God wants to take each and every one of us to a new level
with him, I believe that he wants our personal lives to truly become a house of prayer.
I'm gonna give you three texts today.
Last week I said it was gonna be odd because I gave you two texts.
Well, I wanted to up one today.
We're gonna go with three texts, three scriptures that we're gonna use as our foundation.
Number one is this, verses Thessalonians chapter five.
It says, always be joyful, never stop,
Praying.
Come on.
Always be joyful.
Never stop praying.
Be thankful in all circumstances for this is God's will for you who belong to Christ Jesus.
The part that I want you to see is verse 17.
Never stop praying.
Romans chapter 12 says rejoice in our confident hope.
Be patient in trouble and keep on praying.
Praying, are we seeing a common theme take place?
Now we go to Psalm chapter 55, and he says, but I will call on God, and the Lord will rescue me morning, noon, and nights.
I don't believe that's talking about breakfast, lunch, and supper.
Don't get confused there.
But morning, noon, and night, in other words, throughout my entire day, I cry out in my distress, and the Lord hears
my voice.
Let me ask you a question.
What if I was to step before you today and I had a schedule up here and I said that tonight at 6 p.m. we are going to begin to slot out opportunities where you can sit face to face
with God, the creator of the world.
In fact, we're going to take two of our worship center chairs and we're going to kind of put them one across from the other.
And we're just going to let you guys by yourself have a conversation and a moment together.
What would it be like, what preparation would you want to make, what thought process,
Would you bring to the table what conversation would you desire?
If I was to tell you that tonight at 6 p.m., we're going to begin 15-minute slots of conversation where you could sign up and talk directly to the creator of the world, the one who spoke life into existence, the one that the Bible says knew you by name while you were still in your formative stage in your mama's belly.
What would it look like if I
was to tell you that tonight you had the opportunity for a one-to-one face-to-face conversation with God.
Yet here's the reality.
You already have that.
but I guarantee you that if I was to tell you, hey, God's gonna be in this place tonight and we're gonna sign you up starting at six o'clock, Isaiah's reading number one to sign up and I'm sure you would, you'd be number two to sign up and the rest of you would fall into place afterwards.
And that thing would be filled to overflowing.
But the reality is we already have
that opportunity every single day.
We learned week one that the door has already been opened.
The invitation has already been given that we have placements with God, conversation with God.
We no longer need a third party.
We no longer need a mediator.
We no longer need somebody step in for us.
But now we have an opportunity at any moment, at any time, in any day,
in any situation to come before God and have a conversation.
Now, if we open up the Bible today, you would discover that there are several themes throughout the Bible, but one of them centers around prayer, and it's basically this, prayer is the key, but consistency is the combination.
Come on, prayer is the key, but consistency
is the combination.
Now, what do I mean by this?
Well, we discover that week one, the question is really not do I have to pray.
The question really is why wouldn't I pray when the door has already been open?
The curtain has been split that the presence of God is now available to us, the average person, because Jesus paid the price on the cross of Calvary.
Therefore we read scriptures like Hebrews chapter 10 and we begin to apply them to our lives.
Look what it says.
And so their brothers and sisters, we can.
Come on.
This doesn't say that we will.
It doesn't say that we must.
He doesn't use my favorite word beseech.
Right?
But he says, you can.
In other words, the opportunity has been laid before you.
And so do your brothers and sisters, we can boldly enter heaven's most holy place because of the blood of Jesus.
If we want to be a man or a woman or a house of prayer, then we've got to be intentional in our approach.
We've gotta say, Lord, the invitation has been given.
The key is in hand.
The combination has been set.
Lord, I'm boldly stepping into your presence.
Now does that mean that every conversation we have with God is gonna be, God, here I am.
Come on, you all know bold people, right?
I mean, they're type A people.
They're eights on the Enneagram.
They're a D on the whatever that other one is.
You know, they're leaders in every aspect possible.
They walk in the room.
You know that they're a leader and they command authority and you all know that person.
Don't look at me today.
But we all know that person.
They walk in the room and suddenly they're like, ladies and gentlemen, here I am.
When it says that we can boldly walk into the presence of God, I don't think that that's what they're referring to.
Because there's going to be moments in your relationship with God where you come before Him broken.
You come before Him just dragging.
God, I don't get it.
But what we're referring to here is we can walk in with confidence that God sees us.
where we are, that God sees our herd, that he sees our tears, that he hears our cry, that he's concerned about the details of our life, that he longs to wrap his arms around us.
We can walk boldly into the presence of God.
I don't know about you, but I see that as not just good news, but I see that as great news today.
That's a game changer in my life.
We have access.
Come on, look at your neighbor today.
Okay, this includes you.
Come on, those of you online, put it in chat, but that's me.
It includes every single one of us today.
We have been given the key.
We have been given the opportunity with access to the combination.
We can boldly walk into the presence of God.
Now James chapter four tells us that we have full control of how close
We are to God.
Did you know that?
Sometimes I hear people say, well, you know, I just feel like God just, he just, he just far off.
I just, I just feel like he's, he's not here with me.
My question is, are you walking into his presence?
Because the Bible says in James chapter four, look what it says, come close to God and God will come close to you.
you are in control of how close knit you are with the creator of the world.
What we're looking at is when we come to this life of prayer, it's all about constant connection with God.
So this morning for the next few moments, I wanna give you five truths.
Five truths, I really want you to pay attention to
This morning, number one is this, prayer was never meant to be occasional.
Come on, prayer was never meant to be occasional.
If you look back at our texts this morning, you'll notice the theme of consistency.
First Thessalonians five, never stop praying.
Romans chapter 12, keep on praying.
Psalm 55, morning, noon, and night I cried out
to God, why is this same theme given over and over and over and over again?
I believe that God knew that we would struggle and we'd need to hear it more than once.
I said, I believe that God knew we would struggle so we'd need to hear it more than once.
I said, I believe that we would struggle and we would need to hear it
More than once, how many of you in life sometimes you need to hear things more than once?
Yeah, every one of us in the house, because sometimes it just doesn't sink in the first time.
What I want to look at is this idea of continuous prayer, because many times we think, well, it's just not possible.
I can't pray continuously.
Well, pastor, I wasn't called to be a pastor or a missionary or evangelist or a teacher.
Therefore, I don't have to pray.
Well, also, like I said last week, you don't have to have a parachute to jump out of a helicopter, but it helps.
We say, well, I just don't know it's not possible.
I have a job.
I have a responsibility to have a family.
I have things to tend to.
I'm just not sure that I can always be praying.
Here's what we must grasp today.
This life of prayer is really not speaking of a continual talking, but rather a non-stop relationship and a connection with God.
It should not be limited to a morning routine or a mealtime blessing or a moment of urgency or even a bedtime obligation.
Yeah, these moments are important, but what God desires is so much more than that.
He desires more than just an occasional check in, an occasional share my location with God.
But he longs for us to say, Lord, I want you to hear my hearts.
Lord, I invite you into not just a moment, but I invite you into my day.
Look what the psalmist says in Psalm 37.
He said, the Lord directs the steps of the godly
He delights in every detail of their lives.
Man, isn't that amazing?
He directs our steps.
He lays them out before you.
I don't know about you, but I love that because sometimes I don't really know what that next step's gonna look like.
I'm a dreamer, I'm a vision guy, but I'm not a detail guy.
I can tell you the big picture.
I can show you the prints.
I can show you where we're headed.
I can give you all of that.
But I'm not that guy that goes, here's a step, the step, the step, the step, the step, the step, the step, to get there.
Right?
So in this moment, the Bible says that God not only does He direct my steps, but He delights in every detail of my life.
One of my favorite sections of Scripture.
Honestly, I use this Scripture at almost every funeral that I do.
But I want to share it with you today because I believe it's applicable to today as well.
It's Psalm chapter 18.
It says, the ropes of death entangle me.
Floods of destruction swept around me.
The grave wrapped its ropes around me.
Death laid a trap in my path.
But in my distress, I cried out to the Lord.
Yes, I prayed to my God for help.
He heard me from his sanctuary, my cry to him reached his ear.
He reached down from heaven and rescued me.
He drew me out of deep waters.
He led me to a place of safety.
He rescued me and here's what I want you to hear because he delights in me.
I want you to understand today that God delights in you.
You may not delight in you.
There are some of you that are super mad at yourself.
You're consumed with guilt.
You're consumed with frustration.
You overrun with fear.
You've got all of these thoughts stirring 24-7.
You're stressed out to the highest capacity possible.
You doubt yourself over and over.
But what I want you to understand today is that God delights in you.
He sees you.
where you are.
He sees you in that moment when the flood waters are over your head.
He sees you in that moment when it feels like the rope is around your neck.
He sees you in that moment when you feel like the enemy is raged up against you on all sides and you have nowhere you can go.
And yet in that moment, he looks down upon you.
He sees you where you are and he takes delight in those moments and those details of your life.
because he delights in you.
The second truth that I see is this, prayer is built on dependence, not just discipline.
Prayer is built on dependence, not just discipline.
Now this one's a little tricky because truth be told it's gonna take some discipline to be a house of prayer.
You don't just fall into
praying and keeping that connection open with God.
You don't just trip one day and wake up and go, wow, look at me, I'm a house of prayer.
That's not how this works.
It's gonna require some discipline on your side.
Some of you are gonna have to set reminders on your phone.
Hey, don't forget, talk to God.
Right?
Because our day gets busy.
I don't know about you, but sometimes my schedule
is ridiculous.
And if I'm not careful, I'll find myself so overrun by stuff that I miss out on that time and that conversation with God.
But sometimes keeping that line of communication open is just a while you're walking down the hallway conversation with God of St. Lord.
Man, I'm getting ready to walk into this meeting.
I need your help.
We're gonna learn in a few weeks, we're gonna kick off a series on the book of Nehemiah.
And one of my favorite things about Nehemiah is in any occasion, any moment, he was a guy that would go to God in prayer.
He was getting ready to have a conversation with the king and the king said, hey, you know what's going on?
And it says, Nehemiah prayed before the Lord.
Well, Nehemiah has just spent like four months interceding to God.
But in this moment, this was the king saying, hey, what's going on?
Okay, God, here we go.
We're in this, let's go.
That wasn't a big lengthy prayer, we're gonna talk more about that.
But sometimes our conversation is just keeping that communication going, but truth but don't, here's the deal.
Many people struggle with prayer, not because they don't love God, but because they feel like they fail at the conversation.
We've talked about this over the last several weeks.
Go back and listen to the message.
We're fearing that we don't pray long enough.
We don't pray the right things.
We don't have the right words to say.
Last week's message is going to answer a lot of that.
But in essence, we make what God desires to be an enjoyable relationship into this religious obligation that is suddenly overwhelming.
And because it's overwhelming, what do we do?
We avoid it.
I don't know about you, but I'd rather avoid something that's overwhelming.
I don't go to the fair every year because for me, it's overwhelming.
Some of you are fair people and that's awesome.
Do your thing.
Love it.
I avoid the fair like the plague.
I take every back road possible.
I swing around everywhere.
I mean, I will go out of town if I can because for me, it's just overwhelming.
Sometimes in our spiritual lives, some of us, we avoid this conversation with God because we've put all of these self-enhanced obligations and requirements and rules and regulations in front of us.
And we don't feel like we can match it or even reach up to it.
So what do we do?
We just avoid it because that's easier.
God says, just come boldly into my presence.
That's all he wants.
Just hang out with God.
Do you remember when you were a kid and there was that girl in math class?
And more than conversation with her, you just wanted to hang.
Come on, come on, come on.
You guys know what I'm talking about.
Maybe you weren't as swabby as I was, but I mean, I just wanted to hang.
We didn't really need to have a conversation.
I didn't need to impress her with my vernacular.
She didn't need to know how smart I was.
I didn't need to bring my grade card out.
I just wanted to be.
Just, let's hang.
I think God wants us sometimes just to hang.
Just to spend time with Him.
To download what He has
for our lives.
So it's not just about the discipline, it's about a dependence upon him.
It's saying, Lord, I just want to spend time with you.
Then as a result, we see God begin to work in our prayer life like never before.
Yeah, prayer involves discipline, but it's sustained through our dependence
upon God, the success of prayer is not built upon fulfillment of some self-created obligation, it's strengthened and sustained on the understanding that you need God more than anything else in your life.
Jeremiah says this in Jeremiah 17, but blessed are those who trust in the Lord and have made the Lord their hope and confidence.
Come on, blessed are those
who trust in the Lord.
We trust in a lot of things, but what would happen if we trusted in God more?
Oh, come on.
They are like trees planted along the riverbake with roots that reach deep into the water.
Such trees are not bothered by the heat or worried by long months of drought.
Their leaves stay green and they never stop producing
fruit.
Come on, did you see what I saw?
When we allow our roots to dig down deep into the refreshing presence of God, it doesn't matter how hot things get on the outside.
It doesn't matter how difficult things get around us.
We will continue to flourish.
Why?
Not because we fulfilled an obligation, but because of our dependence upon God.
This tree, its root system is dependent upon the water that it receives deep into the ground as it seeps into the river banks.
Our walk with God is much the same.
We allow our lives to dig down deep.
We let that be the foundation that we build upon.
We begin to find our nourishment.
in our dependence upon God.
Number three is this prayer was modeled by the life of Jesus.
I love that Jesus spent time and time again illustrating the importance of prayer.
Because here's the reality.
Many of us try to accomplish a task that Jesus himself never even attempted to accomplish.
What do I mean by this?
Well, if there was ever anybody that
could potentially survive life by themselves, it would have been Jesus.
Yet for some reason or another, that's what we try to do.
Well, I'll do it my way.
I'll navigate my direction.
I'll plan my steps.
I've got the willpower, I've got the strength.
And when the bottom starts falling out, we raise our hands and we say, where's God?
reality, God's been there all the time.
We just haven't let our roots sink in.
We just haven't spent that time with Him.
Jesus demonstrated over and over.
The Bible says in Mark chapter 1 that early in the morning He called out to God.
In Luke chapter 6, as He's choosing the twelve disciples, He's making major decisions
He spends time in prayer.
When there were moments of pressure right before his arrest and crucifixion, the Bible tells that he went to the garden.
He began to cry out to God in those moments of surrender.
Even the last moments of his life, he committed his spirit back to God.
The Bible says he called out to God.
Here's what I see.
Prayer is not just an event for Jesus.
It was a rhythm.
in his life.
It was part of his daily DNA, and it's interesting that the disciples noticed this behavior in Jesus.
I talked about this a couple of weeks ago.
Out of all the things they could have asked for, they didn't say teachers had an open, blinded eyes.
Teachers had to turn a happy meal into a meal for 20,000 people.
They didn't say teachers had to help the lame man begin to walk or raise the dead.
No, no, no, no, they said,
how to pray because they realize there's power in prayer.
We've gotta be dependent upon Jesus.
We gotta follow his example.
We have to allow him to lead the way.
And number four, prayer changes our perspective on everyday life.
Have you ever noticed that when you're going through an issue, your perspective can really get messed up?
Anybody, how about this side?
I mean, I got Corby.
She's amenity all the way.
She's out doing Isaiah's this morning.
I mean, we are on track right here.
This side's a little quiet.
Have you ever noticed that when life seems to throw that curveball, when the heat's been turned up, when the winds begin to blow, it seems like our perspective gets a little messed up?
What I've discovered is if we will lean upon God, if we will turn to God, if we will begin to trust in Him, if we will make prayer part of the DNA of our lives and suddenly our perspective shifts, our mindset shifts.
But right now we're in a place where our perspective is skewed.
When prayer is no longer reserved for tragedy,
but rather a regular rhythm of life when it becomes part of our daily conversation, our decisions, our conflicts and our interruptions, it turns these moments of frustration, it turns these moments of fear, doubts, hopelessness into opportunities for God to move.
You see, when we begin to cry out for wisdom and grace and understanding, it suddenly reminds us that God is not some far off distant God, but God is our ever present help in our time of trouble.
Psalm 46 says, God is our refuge and our strength.
He is that shelter that we can run to.
He is that foundation that doesn't give way.
He is our refuge.
He is our strength.
He is our helper.
He is our everything, always ready to help in times.
of trouble the creator of the universe the one who spoke everything into existence is ready at any moment at any time to step in on your behalf why because he delights in you come on some of you need to let that sink in today I know that I've mentioned this a few times this morning but he sees you
where you are.
He delights in every moment of your life.
God is calling us to a place of changing our perspective of the giants in our lives.
So what would happen today?
If we would choose to see things not through our limited perspective, but what would happen if we began to see things through the lens of God?
See, when we pray, when we allow that communication to continue to flow with God, we shift our focus off of our situation, a situation that seems to be impossible, a situation that seems to be larger than life.
And suddenly we begin to see it possible because God, the one who loves our moments and loves our details, the one who created the world, the one who breathed life into us,
takes delight in us.
It's been said this way, but let me say it this morning, show me the size of your prayer, and I will show you the size of your God.
The problem is many of us in the house, many of us watching online today, rather than going to God with God-sized problems, we see that problem is too large to even bother God with.
So we pull him down to a man-sized issue.
God desires for us to pray a big prayer.
God desires for us to pray a God-sized prayer.
That's the cry of my heart every day as we continue to reach into multiple locations.
as we reach into all of these communities.
There's now 77,000 people counting a monotone county, 77,000 people in our reach as encountered church that are lost without Jesus.
That's not a man-sized solution that's needed.
It's a God-sized solution that's needed.
We need God.
Building a multi-million dollar building outside of these walls, ready to start the building, but still needing a bit of finances.
It's not a man-sized issue.
It's a God-sized solution.
I want to challenge you.
Don't limit God to a man-sized.
But begin to trust God.
with the impossible.
Finally, number five today, prayer is honored in faith and persistence.
Matthew 17 and Luke 17 both remind us that if our faith is even the size of a grain of mustard seed.
I don't know if you've ever seen a mustard seed, but they're little bitty seeds.
He said, even if it's the size of a grain of mustard seed, you can speak to the tree or even to the mountain and it will be moved.
That's faith.
God desires to meet us in our everyday needs.
And here's the problem.
Too often we either think I'm not sure anything can be done in my situation or we say I've asked God before and he hasn't answered.
Nothing's happened.
But what would happen if you continued to press in with faith?
I'm not saying today that you've got to beg God.
That's not how God works.
But the Bible says this in Luke 11, and so I tell you, keep on asking.
And you will receive what you ask for.
Keep on seeking.
You will find, keep on knocking, and the door will be open for everyone who asks, come on, everyone who asks, everyone who asks, receives, everyone who seeks, finds, and everyone who knocks the door will be open.
The scripture goes on to say that God shares good things with those that ask.
Don't misunderstand this verse.
It's not saying that we have to beg God, but persistent prayer is not about convincing.
It's about trusting.
It's about the penance.
It's saying, Lord, I believe that you hear me.
I believe that you're concerned.
I believe that you care.
I believe that you're working in my life, even when I don't see it.
See being a life, a prayer, a household, a prayer simply says, I refuse to give up.
I'm going to trust God.
Here's what I know.
Just because I preach a message or even a series on being a house of prayer does not mean that things change.
We read it a moment ago and we can inter boldly into the presence of God.
The challenge with this series is not pray more.
The challenge with this series is live a life connected.
Come on.
I'm not saying today I need you to start logging your hours or minutes or moments or words, but live a life that's connected
to God.
The natural byproduct of a life that's connected with God is a life that's going to have conversation with Him.
But remember, conversation is not just talking, sometimes it's be still and no.
Be still and listen, be still and hear the heart of God.
So I'm going to challenge you today.
When prayer becomes part of your lifestyle, your house becomes a house of prayer.
Leave the connection open.
Let's spend time with God.
Would you bow your heads with me today?
Lord, I pray right now across this room.
God that you will challenge each and every one of us.
God that you will stir in our hearts.
God that you will stir in our lives.
Well, that you will give us a desire and longing
Lord, to spend time with you.
Lord, let us not be in obligation moments, but because that just brings about guilt when we fail.
But Lord, let there be a hunger inside of us, a connection with you.
Lord, speak across this room right now.
In Jesus' day we pray.
Amen.